1:Currahee:Phil Alden Robinson:Easy Company is introduced during its training at Camp Toccoa, Georgia, under First Lieutenant/Captain Herbert Sobel, a very strict disciplinarian who seems to train his company harder and longer than the commanders of other companies. Sobel also goes out of his way to find fault with the men and the platoon leaders. The company is shipped to England to prepare for D-Day. As training progresses, Sobel's inadequacies as a leader in the field become more apparent and cause most of the non-commissioned officers in the company to attempt to resign en masse. He also causes a dispute with his executive officer, Richard Winters, that escalates higher than Sobel expected. These events lead to Sobel being reassigned to command a jump school for essential non-combat personnel.
2:Day of Days:Richard Loncraine:Easy Company lands in Normandy, but is scattered all across the region and away from their designated drop zone. The company commander of Easy is killed when his plane suffers a direct hit and 1st Lieutenant Winters must take command. With a small group of men, Winters takes out a set of German gun emplacements at Brécourt and thereby wins the respect of his fellow soldiers as a leader. Recently promoted 1st Lt. Speirs is introduced.
3:Carentan:Mikael Salomon:Easy Company fights in the Battle of Carentan, in which they lose several men. Rumors start to circulate that Lieutenant Speirs killed a group of German prisoners of war. The episode focuses on Private Albert Blithe, who struggles with shell-shock following the battle. After he is finally spurred into action by Winters during the Battle of Bloody Gulch, Blithe overcomes his fears. Several days later, he is shot through the neck by a sniper while on patrol (a never-corrected producers’ error erroneously states Blithe died from his wounds in 1948; in fact, he continued to serve in the US Army until his death as a Master Sergeant in December 1967).
4:Replacements:David Nutter:Replacements join Easy Company, struggling to be accepted by the veterans who fought at Normandy. The Company parachutes into the Netherlands as part of Operation Market Garden, where they liberate Eindhoven. During combat in Nuenen, the replacements integrate themselves with the Company, but all are forced to retreat. The episode follows Sergeant Denver "Bull" Randleman, the replacements' immediate superior, as he evades German soldiers in Nuenen after being cut off from his unit and is forced to wait there until the enemy leaves in the morning.
5:Crossroads:Tom Hanks:Winters writes a report on the challenge of an unexpected resistance to a German attack, and is haunted by his conscience after shooting a teenage German SS soldier. This flashback occurs several times in later episodes. Operation Pegasus is depicted. Easy Company is called to Bastogne at the start of the Battle of the Bulge. At the end of the episode, Captain Winters now effectively commands the whole battalion.
6:Bastogne:David Leland:Easy Company experiences the Battle of the Bulge and have to hold ground near Bastogne, while running low on ammunition and other supplies. The episode focuses on medic Eugene "Doc" Roe as he helps out his fellow soldiers where he can, while also scrounging for medical supplies, of which the Company is dangerously low. He also befriends a Belgian nurse in Bastogne, who is later killed during a German bombing raid.
7:The Breaking Point:David Frankel:Easy Company battles near Foy, Belgium, losing numerous men. The episode examines and questions the actions of 1st Lieutenant Norman Dike, the Company's commander. He is eventually relieved by 1st Lieutenant Ronald Speirs, who becomes the Company's new leader. Serving as narrator is First Sergeant Carwood Lipton, who attempts to keep up the morale of the men as they endure their trials in the forest near Foy, earning him a battlefield promotion to 2nd Lieutenant for his leadership ability.
8:The Last Patrol:Tony To:Easy Company carries out a dangerous mission in Haguenau as David Webster (who narrates) returns from a hospital. Together with new replacement 2nd Lieutenant Jones, he eventually (re)integrates with the other soldiers, whose experiences at Bastogne have made them weary and closed-off from Webster due to the fact he didn't try to leave hospital early, unlike other soldiers in the company. At the end of the episode, Captain Winters is promoted to Major, Lipton receives his battlefield commission to 2nd Lieutenant, and Jones is promoted to 1st Lieutenant.
9:Why We Fight:David Frankel:As Nixon scrounges for his favored whisky, Vat 69, Easy Company enters Germany. Some of the men on patrol stumble across a concentration camp near Landsberg and free the surviving prisoners after realizing that the guards had abandoned the camp. The sight of the victims leaves the soldiers horrified and disgusted. The local German citizens at first deny the existence of the camp until they are forced by the occupying Americans to begin cleaning up the camp, including removing the bodies. The episode closes with Nixon grimly announcing that Hitler committed suicide.
10:Points:Mikael Salomon:The company captures the Eagle's Nest in Berchtesgaden, and also discover Hermann Göring's house. The battalion heads out to Austria where the end of the war in Europe is announced. While those with enough points go home, the remainder of Easy Company stays behind until the end of the Pacific War is declared.
